Additions to reinforcement learning task page (#511)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/reinforcement-learning/about.md

**Environment:** The part of the world the agent interacts, comprising everything outside the agent.

> **State:** It is the summary of information presented as the function of history of actions,observations and rewards . In the case of a video game it can be a frame (a screenshot), in the case of a chess playing agent it can be the board position, in the case of a trading agent it can be the price of a certain stock.

Reviewer: I don't agree with this definition. State is rather the current situation, e.g. for chess it can be the position of pieces on the board.

Reviewer 2: This definition is quite puzzling for me let's keep that simple but let's put the difference between state and obserrvation:
https://huggingface.co/blog/deep-rl-intro#observationsstates-space

Observations/States are the information our agent gets from the environment. In the case of a video game, it can be a frame (a screenshot). In the case of the trading agent, it can be the value of a certain stock, etc.

State s: is a complete description of the state of the world (there is no hidden information). In a fully observed environment.

Observation o: is a partial description of the state. In a partially observed environment.

**Action:** The decision taken by the agent.

**Reward:** The numerical feedback signal that the agent receives from the environment based on the chosen action.

> **Observation:** The agent at each step receives a reward and an observation from the environment. This is because the agent can't understand the state of the environment, hence it receives an observation as a result of it's action taken by it at the preceding step.

Reviewer: There's not many differences between a state and observation. I'd rather not have this.

Author: Observation is the information provided by the environment at each time step, whereas stated before a state is actually the function of Observation, Reward and Action taken at each time step.

Author: I do understand that for a simplified overview of reinforcement learning the current definitions are insightful, so if that's what the page is going for I don't think the changes I suggested are necessary.

**Environment:** The part of the world the agent interacts, comprising everything outside the agent.

Observations and states are the information our agent gets from the environment. In the case of a video game, it can be a frame (a screenshot). In the case of the trading agent, it can be the value of a certain stock.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**State:** Complete description of the state of the environment with no hidden information.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Observation:** Partial description of the state, in a partially observed environment.

**Action:** The decision taken by the agent.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Reward:** The numerical feedback signal that the agent receives from the environment based on the chosen action.

**Return:** Cumulative Reward.  In the simplest case, the return is the sum of the rewards.

**Episode:** For some applications there is a natural notion of final time step.  In this case, there is a starting point and an ending point (a terminal state). This creates an episode: a list of States, Actions, Rewards, and new States. For instance, think about Chess: an episode begins at the initial board position and ends when the game is over.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

**Policy:** The Policy is the brain of the Agent, it’s the function that tells what action to take given the state. So it defines the agent’s behavior at a given time. Reinforcement learning methods specify how the agent’s policy is changed as a result of its experience.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

**Environment:** The part of the world the agent interacts, comprising everything outside the agent.

> Observations/States are the information our agent gets from the environment. In the case of a video game, it can be a frame (a screenshot). In the case of the trading agent, it can be the value of a certain stock, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observations and states are the information our agent gets from the environment. In the case of a video game, it can be a frame (a screenshot). In the case of the trading agent, it can be the value of a certain stock.

```

> **State s:** is a complete description of the state of the world (there is no hidden information). In a fully observed environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**State:** Complete description of the state of the environment with no hidden information.

```

> **Observation o:** is a partial description of the state. In a partially observed environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Observation:** Partial description of the state, in a partially observed environment.

```
